23rd of November 2014

I've been meaning to start this diary for a long time now...  I guess
I needed a reason, to starting point, well given the recent events I have one
now!  

I have been enjoying quiet days at home prior to yesterday and took advantage of this
time to prepare a plan of action. The fact that the communications were cut made it impossible
to exchange with others. At this point the best any of us could do was anticipate everyone else's actions.

I felt it was important to contact my remaining friends and family as soon as possible.
Having had fantasy about this sort of things happening I knew there were point trying to make it alone.
As it happens my cousin's siblings were visiting her so I started with them.  My place is a 10 minutes walk away from hers. I
grabbed all the food I had, put it in my backpack with the knife my
parent offered me as a family tradition. I also took my rollers and I
ran for the closest métro entrance, as you can imagine I didn't want to spend too much time outside.
I saw nobody in the street.
 
We need to be as numerous as possible to start building for the long
term and 8 is not enough. I therefore thought of R. he is a
reliable and briliant person and that is what we need, he also lives with 2 more
people which would make us a group of 10. I also need to contact Lun's
gang but I am sure they are teaming up themselves and we can merge
later.

I left the group to think of a better location to settle while I was
using the métro to reach R.'s place. He lives on the other side of
the same metro line from my cousin's. Using the métro is a
good idea since the volume of air is important enough not to suffocate but somewhat
isolated from the outside. I don't know how long it is going to stay this way though.
I knew the difficult part was getting to his flat from the metro entrance, although it is not
that long a walk but under the circumstances it was dangerous
enough. I did manage to arrive safely to his place. I was happy to
learn that he had anticipated my coming and was ready to move as soon
as I arrived making it that much easier to walk back safely to the
métro.

The sun had set when we stepped out at Porte de Vanves. We run our
way to my cousin flat. The rest of the group kept us to pace with where they
thought we should be heading to settle. We agreed with their
conclusions but decided to wait the morning to move. As probably any
remainer we didn't have the best night but everybody needed rest. We all new it was about
endurance. I must note here that I had often wondered
what it would be like to enjoy a night with no electric light or human
noise. It was a singular experience and it changed all of us I am sure.

This morning, we moved to the Jussieu's building as agreed yesterday. We used used
once again the metro network. We found that no ones else has thought of the same location and spent the entire
day setting it up for long term accomodation. We managed to craft a basic air lock
mechanism at the entrances and divided the different
spaces into personal quarters, shared hall and kitchens. 

Now that we are settled and I have few moments to myself, I can
contemplate on what I felt last night when the obscurity and silence
made it real that we were turning a page in our species
history. I am looking at the sun setting over Paris for our second night in
this new era. I can't help but be overwhelmed by all we've left behind and the gigantic things we need to achieve.
The realisation that I won't go to work tomorrow fill me with a
sense of relief. Paradoxically, the strugle for survival we will be facing in the next years seems
to offer more freedom than a daily job. The challenge of building a sustainable civilisation
from the ruins of the old one is extremely exiting. Tonight I am glad
I will be sharing this journey with people as extraordinary as these
ones.


27th of November 2014

As expected the massive departure completly mess the climate up, we've experienced an artificial night for the last days.
Mostly due to air pollution together with a thick layer of cloud. We've dicussed how to procede
to become auto-sufficient energetically again during this time. We've also improved the air lock system but since we can't
recycle the air yet it's not going to enough. Spending 4 days locked inside didn't help
our moral so tonight we all went running. Hopefully a good night of sleep will improve our mood.
