This is the beginning of a new and eternal era. The human species will now be
exploring the universe until its end, forever probing the last frontier, space.
Because of relativity, governments will never be able to expand their influence
over large clusters of stars, nevermind galaxies. This let the most adventurous
of us free to go wherever we wish at the condition to leave everything behind.
The only way for us to roam the universe is by taking advantage of relativity
to cover enormous distances in the blink of an eye, from our perspective.
Depending on the distance, it means that by the time we reach our destination,
the civilization from which we departed may not exist anymore. Everybody call
it space jump, even if as you know it is not accurate.

As you would expect, making a living out there is a risky business, we need to
scavenge to survive, food, water and such... Obviously, doing so, we damage our
ships, which means that we also need to find the resources to mend it, and
actually proceed with the reparations whatever the environment.

Contrarily to most science fiction movies of the 21st century we choose not to
produce an artificial gravity on our space craft. The technology exists though.
In fact most commercial ship are equipped with it. Most customers do not feel
comfortable living in a 0G environment. We, on the other hand, find it extremely
practical. In particular not having a concept of up and down means that every
surface can be used as storage without risking something falling on your head.
What's more is that not having the system means not having to repair it when it breaks,
we tend to be economical with the tech we use for that reason.

This choice has a significant downside, without proper exercise the muscles get
weak which would make it impossible to explore a planet without first
accommodating to the gravity. In order to cope with that issue we are
constantly wearing exoskeletons that reproduce the stress gravity would have on
our muscles and bones. It is possible to adjust the forces so that if we plan
on landing on a planet with higher gravity than what we are used to, we are
able to prepare for it. Alternatively, these exoskeletons can help us
compensate for a gravity we wouldn't be able to adjust to, in the limit of what
our internal organs can bear.

Very few other people wear this sort of exoskeleton and all of us do.

Not having gravity aboard the ship means that our food has to be sealed in
containers to prevent it from flying away. For the same reason we can't eat any
crispy food, any crumbs would rapidly become unmanageable obstructing the vents
and ending up in people eyes. The room in which we take our meals is round and
its ceiling is transparent so that we can contemplate the void as we eat. On
the side perpendicular to the window wall there are straps we can use when we
eat and on the wall opposite to the window multiple handles and drawers to move
around and store the food.

Most ships have an hydroponics room to provide fresh food and life support on
top of the ships' system. It is also a nice place to hang around on calm days.
Typically crews tend to be composed of different species. To limit the
logistics, it implies that all species in a ship must be able to survive
roughly the same range of life support setup. That way the whole crew is able
to move around without specific gear to breath. This makes meals that much
easier, the risk of accident due to equipment failure less likely and the
hydroponics all the more useful. As for communication we were able to develop
instantaneous translator and we use them when the communication is not possible
otherwise. We wear communicators anyways to be able to reach the other in case
something happens.

For survival reasons and because it involves space travels, space jumpers need
to be highly educated and excel in their field. At some point, anyone's
expertise means life or death for the entire crew.

As goes the old saying: "In space, there is no situation so bad you can't make
it worse."

All this I am sure beg the question why did we choose this way of life? And as
always the answer is: "The journey is well worth it!".

We are space jumpers.

[TODO] fix point in time and space for jumpers to meet [TODO]
[TODO] ability to stop during a jump when noticing signal [TODO]

[TODO] alien description [TODO]

[TODO] symbiotic skeleton, symbiotic nervous system [TODO]
