There is no need the breathe once you stepped through a
gate of the Way. Obviously, this take some time to get used
to, and the first minutes are quite unpleaseant as your
reflexes force you to inhale a non existant atmosphere.

The feeling of freedom you enjoy afterward is unlike anything
else though, the modification the Way triggers in your body
result in your metabolism no longer extracting energy from
oxydation but from the quantum oscillation itself. Moreover,
the view is wonderful, you can see the Way waving, turning and
spiraling through space to the infinite. Every now and then
empty gates seems to encourage the WayWalkers to jump in the
void for eternity.

The void itself does not absorb light, it is therefore possible
to see the Way as far as your optic system allows you. One of the
numerous questions that make the atmosphere even stranger is that
there doesn't seem to be anything emitting light and yet it is
possible to see your surroundings. The background is a twirling of
tiny neon colored specks on a pitch black canvas.

This is not a view anyone can enjoy, it is difficult to even find
one of the very few gates in your world. Since, so many things
concerning are still a mystery it obviously not possible to build
your own. Even so it wouldn't be of any help, meeting the requirements
to step through the gate are even more difficult than finding it.
For that you need to have reached the top of your art, you need to
be perfect at doing what you do best. You also need to develop your
survival skills if you want to stand a chance. The worlds beyond the
gates differ so much from one another that you will undoubtedly
find one that will require you to make use of all your ingenuity
and resources.

I must admit that it is all worth it though, this the ultimate
adventure, you will be able to find investigate any question
you have. The fact that you do it while fighting for your life
make it all the more gratifying. In these conditions any
discovery feels like the most profound achievement. There is no
more fullfilling experience, as always the journey itself is the
goal.


My own journey lead me through the most unique landscapes. I
came on the Way to look for magnificient and ephemeral sceneries.
I was lucky enough to witness the eruption of a super volcano, I
was able the feel the earth shaking as the magma blasted through
the main opening. The fumes and blue light of the closest star
created a purple vortex in the sky. The heat rushed suddenly
together with the smell of amonia. The darken rock under my feet
started losing its resistance beacause of the heat. Before I left
I saw a wave of black smoke rushing in every direction direction
around the volcano consuming and destroying every thing on its way.
As the volcano eruption was strengthening, the temperature kept
rising to a point where the atmosphere itself started combusted
resulting in a wave of flames greater than the previous one.

I was also lucky enough to make friends on the Way and share with
them moments I will never forget. I remember in particular an evening
we spent after a hot day. We were on a beach and sound of the
waves made for a very relaxing background, to add to this ambiance
some kind of animals seemed to be concerting through happy noises.
A refreshing breeze set in at the beginning of the night as we
started cooking. It was the occasion for us to celebrate the near
end of pregnancy of one of us as well as exchanging about the
celebration of the union of 2 couples. The night was filled with
talks and laughs. We had the chance to witness the most amazing
coupled sun and galaxy set. It was an unreal sight from a person
that grew up in my world. As the sun was diving into the ocean its
light was dimming the galaxy that has been imprinting its pattern
on the sky so far started getting brighter and brighter in
comparison. And finally it alone illuminated the sky.

Even these shared moments were relatively rare they left an ever
lasting sense of happiness and also today the memories are enough
to make me smile.

One of the question you can't avoid when you are a WayWalker is
"When is it going to end?". The changes that happen when you cross
a gate for the first time prevent you from dying of old age or any
genetic diseases. Consequently, the end of the journey can only
come from a mistep in one of the world you visit or from a personal
decision.

Today the choice was made for me... I was witnessing a star
collapsing in a black hole from one of the orbitting planets. When
the tipping point was reached, the resulting gravity waves triggered
an earth quake that plonged the only gate in pool of magma. I can't
leave and in few hours the distortion will be such that I will torn
to pieces.

I am glad I made this journey happened though.
